Add splitter instructions for leader flow (#111)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: versioned_docs/version-v0.13.0/int/quickstart/group/quickstart-group-leader-creator.md

    - Input the Ethereum addresses for each operator collected during [step 1](#step-1-collect-ethereum-addresses-of-the-cluster-operators).
    - Select the desired amount of validators (32 ETH each) the cluster will run.
    - Paste your `ENR` generated at [Step 2](#step-2-create-and-back-up-a-private-key-for-charon).

>     - Select the `Withdrawal Addresses` method. `Single address` to receive the principal and fees to a single address or `Splitter Contracts` to share them among operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select the `Withdrawal Addresses` method. Use `Single address` to receive the principal and fees to normal Ethereum addresses or `Reward Splitter` to deploy contracts that share the reward of a validator among operators.
```

    <Tabs groupId="withdrawl-method">
      <TabItem value="single" label="Single Address">
      <ul>

>       <li>Enter the <code>Principal Address</code> to receive validator principal at exit.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Enter the <code>Withdrawal Address</code> that will receive the validator effective balance at exit and when balance skimming occurs.</li>
```

>       <li>Enter the <code>Rewards Address</code> to receive staking rewards, MEV and priority fees.</li></ul>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Enter the <code>Fee Recipient Address</code> to receive MEV rewards (if enabled), and block proposal priority fees.</li></ul>
```

      
      You can set them to be the same as your connected wallet address in one click.

>       <br></br><br></br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <br /><br />
```

      ![Create Group](/img/Guide03.png)

      </TabItem>

>       <TabItem value="splitter" label="Splitter Contract">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <TabItem value="splitter" label="Reward Splitter">
```

      <ul>

>       <li>Enter the address for the <code>Principal</code> to receive validator principal at exit.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Enter the Ethereum address to claim the validator principal (32 ether) at exit.</li>
```

>       <li>Enter the addresses and split percentages for the <code>Rewards</code> to receive staking rewards, MEV and priority fees.</li></ul><br></br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Enter the Ethereum addresses and their percentage split of the validator's rewards. Validator rewards include consensus rewards, MEV rewards and proposal priority fees.</li></ul><br />
```

      ![Create Group](/img/Guide03-splitter.png)

      </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

    - Create Cluster Configuration

6. Review, Confirm and Sign the following with your wallet

<Tabs groupId="leader-creator">
  <TabItem value="leader" label="Leader" default>
    <ul>

>     <Tabs groupId="withdrawl-method">

Reviewer: Same as above it would be great if we could space out nested tabs if not minimise them where possible.

    <TabItem value="single" label="Single Address">

>     Confirm the config and Sign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You will be asked to confirm your configuration and to sign:
```

    <ul>
    <li>The config hash. This is a hashed representation of all of the details for this cluster.</li>
    <li>The <code>operator_config_hash</code></li>

>     <li>Your <code>ENR</code>: this signature authorises the key represented by this ENR to act on your behalf in the cluster.</li>

Reviewer: I'm getting lazy on suggestions. Same language as suggested elsewhere please.

    </ul>
    </TabItem>

>     <TabItem value="splitter" label="Splitter Contract">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <TabItem value="splitter" label="Reward Splitter">
```

    <ul><li>Deploy the withdrawal contracts by signing the transactions in your wallet.</li></ul>
    <ul><li>Confirm the config and Sign</li></ul>
    <ul><ul>
    <li>The config hash. This is a hashed representation of all of the details for this cluster.</li>
    <li>The <code>operator_config_hash</code></li>

>     <li>Your <code>ENR</code>: this signature authorises the key represented by this ENR to act on your behalf in the cluster.</li>

Reviewer: Same changes as above

>     </ul></ul>

Reviewer: Double `<ul>`s

    </TabItem></Tabs></ul>

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="creator" label="Creator">
    <ul>
    <Tabs groupId="withdrawl-method">
    <TabItem value="single" label="Single Address">
    Confirm the config and Sign

>     <ul><li>The config hash. This is a hashed representation of all of the details for this cluster.</li></ul>

Reviewer: Same copy change

    </TabItem>

>     <TabItem value="splitter" label="Splitter Contract">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <TabItem value="splitter" label="Reward Splitter">
```

    <ul><li>Deploy the withdrawal contracts by signing the transactions in your wallet.</li></ul>
    <ul><li>Confirm the config and Sign</li></ul>
    <ul><ul>
    <li>The config hash. This is a hashed representation of all of the details for this cluster.</li>

>     </ul></ul>

Reviewer: Last one I hope
